// level params
levelID 3
width 30
height 13
cameraX 14
cameraY 4

// level objects
// tag type x y width height state isFlipped
// Y = 0
levelObject STONE 0 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 1 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 2 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 3 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 4 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 5 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 6 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 7 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 8 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 9 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 10 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 11 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 0 1 1 0 false
// Y = 1
levelObject STONE 14 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 1 1 1 0 false
// Y = 2
levelObject STONE 14 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 2 1 1 0 false
// Y = 3
levelObject STONE 14 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 3 1 1 0 false
// Y = 4
levelObject STONE 0 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 1 4 1 1 4 false
levelObject STONE 6 4 1 1 5 false
levelObject STONE 10 4 1 1 5 false
levelObject STONE 14 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 15 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 16 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 17 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 18 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 19 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 20 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 21 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 22 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 23 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 24 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 25 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 26 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 27 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 28 4 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 29 4 1 1 0 false
// Y = 5
levelObject STONE 29 5 1 1 0 false
// Y = 6
levelObject STONE 15 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 17 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 18 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 19 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 20 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 21 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 22 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 23 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 24 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 25 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 26 6 1 1 4 false
levelObject STONE 28 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 6 1 1 0 false
// Y = 7
levelObject STONE 15 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 7 1 1 0 false
// Y = 8
levelObject STONE 14 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 8 1 1 2 false
levelObject STONE 19 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 20 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 21 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 22 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 23 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 24 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 25 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 26 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 27 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 28 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 8 1 1 0 false
// Y = 9
levelObject STONE 13 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 9 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 29 9 1 1 3 false
// Y = 10
levelObject STONE 12 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 10 1 1 0 false
// Y = 11
levelObject STONE 11 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 11 1 1 0 false
// Y = 12
levelObject STONE 10 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 11 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 12 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 12 1 1 0 false
// bottom border
levelObject STONE -1 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 0 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 1 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 2 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 3 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 4 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 5 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 6 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 7 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 8 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 9 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 10 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 11 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 -1 1 1 0 false
// top border
levelObject STONE -1 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 0 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 1 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 2 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 3 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 4 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 5 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 6 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 7 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 8 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 9 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 10 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 11 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 13 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 13 1 1 0 false
// left border
levelObject STONE -1 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 12 1 1 0 false
// right border
levelObject STONE 30 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 12 1 1 0 false

// enemies
// tag type damage x y width height state isFlipped leftWalkingBoundX leftWalkingBoundY rightWalkingBoundX rightWalkingBoundY
// spikes: x/y = 140/35 = 4
enemy SPIKES 100 0 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 1 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 2 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 3 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 4 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 5 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 6 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 7 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 8 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 9 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 10 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 11 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 12 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 100 13 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
// bat: x/y = 88/44 = 2
enemy BAT 10 22.5 9.45 0.5 0.25 0 false 22.1 9.45 25.4 9.45
enemy BAT 10 21 9.45 0.5 0.25 0 false 18.1 9.45 21.4 9.45
// ghost: x/y = 53/75 = 0.71
enemy GHOST 50 16.2 7.2 0.35 0.5 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy GHOST 50 28.45 5.2 0.35 0.5 0 true 0 0 0 0

// doors
// size: x/y = 70/110 = 0.64
// tag type x y width height state isFlipped
door DOOR 0 5 0.64 1 1 false
door DOOR 29.36 10 0.64 1 0 false

// player
// size: x/y = 72/97 = 0.74
// tag type x y width height heightStandard heightSmall state isFlipped health
player GREEN 29.4 10.02 0.37 0.5 0.5 0.37 0 false 100
