// level params
levelID 2
width 34
height 11
cameraX 0
cameraY 0

// level objects
// tag type x y width height state isFlipped
// Y = 0
levelObject STONE 0 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 1 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 2 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 3 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 4 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 5 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 6 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 7 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 8 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 9 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 10 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 11 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 31 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 33 0 1 1 0 false
// Y = 1
levelObject STONE 0 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 1 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 2 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 3 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 8 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 9 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 10 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 11 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 12 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 15 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 16 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 17 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 18 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 19 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 20 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 21 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 23 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 24 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 25 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 26 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 27 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 28 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 29 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 30 1 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 31 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 33 1 1 1 0 false
// Y = 2
levelObject STONE 12 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 31 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 33 2 1 1 0 false
// Y = 3
levelObject STONE 12 3 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 13 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 3 1 1 4 false
levelObject STONE 21 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 31 3 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 32 3 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 33 3 1 1 3 false
// Y = 4
levelObject STONE 13 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 4 1 1 0 false
// Y = 5
levelObject STONE 12 5 1 1 2 false
levelObject STONE 13 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 5 1 1 2 false
levelObject STONE 21 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 5 1 1 0 false
// Y = 6
levelObject STONE 13 6 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 17 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 31 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 33 6 1 1 0 false
// Y = 7
levelObject STONE 17 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 7 1 1 4 false
levelObject STONE 21 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 7 1 1 0 false
// Y = 8
levelObject STONE 17 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 22 8 1 1 3 false
levelObject STONE 24 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 8 1 1 0 false
// Y = 9
levelObject STONE 17 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 31 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 9 1 1 0 false
// Y = 10
levelObject STONE 17 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 10 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 10 1 1 0 false
// Y = 11
levelObject STONE 13 11 1 1 0 false
// bottom border
levelObject STONE -1 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 0 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 1 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 2 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 3 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 4 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 5 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 6 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 7 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 8 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 9 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 10 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 11 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 31 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 33 -1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 -1 1 1 0 false
// top border
levelObject STONE -1 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 0 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 1 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 2 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 3 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 4 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 5 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 6 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 7 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 8 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 9 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 10 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 11 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 12 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 13 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 14 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 15 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 16 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 17 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 18 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 19 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 20 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 21 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 22 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 23 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 24 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 25 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 26 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 27 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 28 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 29 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 30 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 31 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 32 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 33 11 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 11 1 1 0 false
// left border
levelObject STONE -1 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE -1 10 1 1 0 false
// right border
levelObject STONE 34 0 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 1 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 2 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 3 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 4 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 5 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 6 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 7 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 8 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 9 1 1 0 false
levelObject STONE 34 10 1 1 0 false

// enemies
// tag type damage x y width height state isFlipped leftWalkingBoundX leftWalkingBoundY rightWalkingBoundX rightWalkingBoundY
// spikes: x/y = 140/35 = 4
enemy SPIKES 34 4 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 34 5 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 34 6 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
enemy SPIKES 34 7 1 1 0.25 0 false 0 0 0 0
// slime: x/y = 57/34 = 1.68
enemy SLIME 20 11 2.02 0.35 0.21 0 false 8 0 11.5 0
// bat: x/y = 88/44 = 2
enemy BAT 10 16 5.5 0.5 0.25 0 false 14.1 5.5 16.4 5.5
enemy BAT 10 14.5 3.5 0.5 0.25 0 false 14.1 3.5 16.4 3.5
// ghost: x/y = 53/75 = 0.71
enemy GHOST 50 22.2 2.2 0.35 0.5 0 false 0 0 0 0

// doors
// size: x/y = 70/110 = 0.64
// tag type x y width height state isFlipped
door DOOR 33.36 4 0.64 1 1 false
door DOOR 0 2 0.64 1 0 false

// player
// size: x/y = 72/97 = 0.74
// tag type x y width height heightStandard heightSmall state isFlipped health
player GREEN 0.2 2.02 0.37 0.5 0.5 0.37 0 false 100
